Legend:  D=Done, X=Keep Off!, n/a=Not Applicable

File                  | Krazy | Doxygen | D-Ptr | UnitTst | Qt4Port | Who
===============================================================================
confirmsavedialog     |   D   |    D    |   D   |         |    D    |
customproperties      |   D   |    D    |   D   |         |    D    | Allen
dndfactory            |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    | Allen
dummyscheduler        |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
freebusyurlstore      |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
htmlexport            |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
icaldrag              |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
icalformat            |   D   |    D    |   D   |         |    D    | Allen
icalformat_p          |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    | Allen
icaltimezones         |       |         |   D   |         |    D    |
imipscheduler         |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
incidenceformatter    |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    | Allen
qtopiaformat          |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
recurrence            |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
recurrencerule        |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
resourcecachedconfig  |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
resourcecached        |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
resourcecalendar      |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
resourcelocalconfig   |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
resourcelocaldirconfig|   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
resourcelocaldir      |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
resourcelocal         |   D   |    D    |   D   |         |    D    | Narayan
scheduler             |   D   |         |   D   |   n/a   |    D    |
vcaldrag              |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    |
vcalformat            |   D   |         |   D   |         |    D    | Allen

== DONE ==
alarm                 |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
attachment            |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
attendee              |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
calendar              |   D   |    D    |   D   |   n/a   |    D    | Allen
calendarlocal         |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
calendarresources     |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
calfilter             |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
calformat             |   D   |    D    |   D   |   n/a   |    D    | Allen
calendarnull          |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
calstorage            |   D   |    D    |   D   |   n/a   |    D    | Allen
compat                |   D   |    D    |   D   |   n/a   |    D    | Allen
duration              |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
event                 |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
exceptions            |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
filestorage           |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
freebusy              |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
freebusycache         |   D   |    D    |  n/a  |   n/a   |    D    | Allen
incidence             |   D   |    D    |   D   |   n/a   |    D    | Allen
incidencebase         |   D   |    D    |   D   |   n/a   |    D    | Allen
journal               |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
kresult               |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
listbase              |   D   |    D    |  n/a  |   n/a   |    D    | Allen
period                |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Narayan
person                |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Narayan
sortablelist.h        |   D   |    D    |  n/a  |    D    |    D    | Allen
todo                  |   D   |    D    |   D   |    D    |    D    | Allen
== DONE ==

TODO: KUIT

Qt4Port -> no deprecated warnings; thiago says do NO replace const iterator
          loops with 'foreach()'

TODO: revert foreach() loops?
TODO: change "todo" to "to-do" in comments
TODO: put KDE_VERSION stuff into kcal.h and remove kde_version.h??

FIXME's and TODOs and clean #if 0 blocks

thiago: rule of thumb: ConstIterators, constBegin, constEnd, all of the time
if it doesn't compile (i.e., you're doing a non-const operation), then use
the non-const version
dfaure: better than ConstIterator, const_iterator. This one will always remain
since it's the STL name for it ;)
dfaure: foreach is convenient when writing throwable code, unit tests,
or code where performance doesn't matter, but better leave existing
iterator-using code unchanged.
