<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>
	
<article id="kresources" lang="&language;">
<title>&kde; Resources</title>
<articleinfo>

<authorgroup>
<author><personname><firstname>Burkhard</firstname><surname>Lück</surname></personname></author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2013-08-08</date>
<releaseinfo>&kde; 4.11</releaseinfo>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>System Settings</keyword>
<keyword>resources</keyword>
<keyword>address</keyword>
<keyword>alarm</keyword>
<keyword>calendar</keyword>
<keyword>notes</keyword>
</keywordset>
</articleinfo>

<!-- Revision 39e72ce9
ID: 39e72ce9fc6760727154edf2c29be8656cebe67d
 Added by Sergio Luis Martins 12 months ago
Remove KResources kcm from systemsettings.
It's deprecated and should not be used, and it's confusing users.
It can now be used through kcmshell4 though, if you still need it.
kresources
  kresources.desktop (diff)
  -->
<para>This module is a configuration tool for managing the resources used by different &kde; applications.
It allows you to add, deleted or modify the resources for, 
<guilabel>Calendar</guilabel>, <guilabel>Notes</guilabel> and <guilabel>Contacts</guilabel>.</para>

<note><para>This module is no longer in &systemsettings; and only available if you start <userinput><command>kcmshell4</command> <option>kresources</option></userinput> in a terminal or &konsole;
</para></note>

<para>Select a resource type from the drop down box at the top of the <guilabel>Resources</guilabel> section.
The list box now displays names and types of available resources of this type. 
One of these resources is marked as the standard resource.</para>

<para>Use the buttons on the right side of the listbox to add, remove or edit resources.</para>

<para>Detailed information about resource types and options you find in the links provided in the following table:</para>

<para>
<table>
<title>Available Resources</title>
<tgroup cols="3">
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Resource Type</entry>
<entry>Used by</entry>
<entry>Additional information</entry>
</row>
<!--this is a dead link and there's no longer appears to be any relevant documentation in KAlarm
<row>
<entry>Alarms</entry>
<entry><simplelist type="inline"><member>&kalarm;</member></simplelist></entry>
<entry><ulink url="help:/kalarm/index.html#resources">&kalarm; resources</ulink></entry>
</row -->
<row>
<entry>Calendar</entry>
<entry><simplelist type="inline"><member>&korganizer;</member> 
<member>iCal invitation plugin in &kmail;</member></simplelist></entry>
<entry><ulink url="help:/korganizer/managing-data.html#managing-resources">&korganizer; resources</ulink></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Notes</entry>
<entry><simplelist type="inline"><member>&knotes;</member></simplelist></entry>
<entry><ulink url="help:/knotes/index.html#using">&knotes; resource</ulink></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Contacts</entry>
<entry><simplelist type="inline">
<member>&kaddressbook;</member> 
<member>Address completion in &kmail;, &knode; and &korganizer;</member>
<member>Addressbook integration in &kopete;</member>
<member> &konversation;</member>
<member>Contacts &krunner; plugin</member>
<member>KonsoleKalendar</member></simplelist> </entry>
<entry></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</para>

<para>Every resource type needs a standard resource, where all data should be
saved if no other resource is specified. If you want to change the standard resource, use the
<guibutton>Use as Standard</guibutton> button to select it.  You must have
both read and write access to the new standard resource, otherwise you
will not be able to select it.
</para>

</article>
